# Advanced Software Engineering 947G5 project

## Team composition (roles and responsibilities)

Name | Tech Stack | Role | Comments
-------| ------- | ------ | -----
George Racu | Java, Kotlin, Clojure | NA | Software engineer with experience in programming languages that run on the JVM (Java, Kotlin, Clojure). Developer of REST based web APIs with a focus on payment systems. True believer in Agile with XTremeProgramming, flat structures and software craft.
Ben Carter | Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL | NA |Comfortable learning JavaScript for front and backend development and also helping present iterations to the client. I would prefer to work more on software development as I want more experience on a full stack, but would like to shadow the project manager to gain experience in both fields.
Emmanuel Biose | Java, Javascript, Kotlin, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Bootstrap, SQL | NA | I am looking to take up the role of a Product Manager (Gathering data in form of requirements for our product and mapping out strategies to achieve them and finally working closely with the devs to implement them) which is my career goal. I also don't mind taking up a few coding task in order to get the team to meet up with inevitable deadlines.
Mark Andrade | Java, Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS | NA | I do not mind undertaking various roles may that be some coding (as I am not proficient with web development but I am willing to learn to improve my skillset) or even more of the project management roles. I am looking to develop skills in management and coding.  
Assaad Salameh | python, java, javascript, html/css, php, C# | NA | I am looking forward to take part in the coding task but it doesn't necessarily have to do with the specific skillset that i possess as i would be very intrested in learning new things especially when it comes to the framework react and cloud computing. As a team role besides that i would love to present our project to our clients through out the stages (when the delivery dates arrive) as i am very proficient in public speaking. I wpuldn't mind taking any management role in the team, that being said my main focus is in coding as i am mainly looking forward to sharpen my coding skill and get more experience in coding practices.
